# LLM Note

An idea is to use LLM to implement a note-taking system. It is inspired by LLM-wiki and also taking ideas for other popular note take apps like ever notes, raindrop, etc.

##  issues with current note-taking apps

1. All popular note-taking apps use tags to orgnize notes, but mostly tags are defined by user not generated by system. Some times it is hard to define accurate tags by user.

2. note-takes apps don't understand the user defind tags and their relationshitps. for example, a not is tagged with 'claude code', then user query 'LLM agent' notes. If the app does not know 'claude code' is a LLM agent, the note won't match the critiria.

3. One motivation a user takes a not is to use it in the future. For exmaple, lots of LLM related article are saved. Some day, user has a idea for an AI product, but the apps cannot automatically find related articles from which could be helpful for the AI product.

4. User easily forget saved notes or articles found on internet. If system can provide a list of summary for this week saved ones for user to review, there will be much better.

## Ideas for LLM note system

1. For a new note, LLM note can automatically generate tags, max 5 tags can be assigned. Choosing tags should consider existent tags, the note content and abstract concept. here is an example for abstraction concept,  a note is about 'Claude Code' , its tag might be "Claude code", "Agent", "LLM", "AI".

2. LLM should also generate a summary for the saved notes. 

3. When user queries, LLM should use both tags and summary to privide answers

4. LLM can also have recomendation cpability based on saved nots and its own knowlege. for exmple, user could have a new product idea, he can ask LLM to discuss and contribute more ideas.

5. LLM can show a summary of saved notes in the past 7 days.

## LLM note work flow
